The position of the richest person is finally mine.
Ha ha ha
Congratulations brother.
Finally got what I wanted.
Don't come down anymore.
Instant family dinner
To announce that I will take over the position of the deceased lord.
Yes.
Then me
From today onwards, you are Master Lam, Miss Lam Uncle
As long as you stay calm.
My delusions temporarily intensified
So Uncle Lam must have.
All his positions were lost.
Ha ha ha, thank you.
Thu Nhi
Where?
Deputy general manager, this woman also no longer parties temporarily.
The succession ceremony for Patriarch Lam officially begins
Next let's invite the owner of the Lam family
New Japan's richest man, Lam Nhi Gia, appeared
Ha ha ha good
Welcome everyone.
Today I am here to officially announce that Second Master Lam wait a moment.
sure